hey dolls is Theodore here for wedding
Wednesdays and I'm going to talk to you
all about locations yes i'm actually at
the location of mat and eyes wedding
we're at workshop Palm Springs this
amazing new restaurant that opened
several months ago and we had a meal
here around Thanksgiving and knew this
was the place that we had to get married
it's really cool space it actually used
to be a theater in the 50s it's so
incredibly beautiful i love all the
concrete the custom backgrounds all the
beautiful boots are so amazing the space
is really really tall as you could
probably tell i love the lighting it
looks really good at night it's really
dim and sexy so i'm really really
excited to have an event here and we're
doing custom runners we starting to look
at flowers we're actually here today to
do our tasting what's great about this
location is it's all in one rubbing the
wedding in the courtyard which i'm going
to show you a picture of right now isn't
that gorgeous and we have the amazing
dinner here in the restaurant then we're
going back out to the Courtyard for a
fantastic reception what I love about
that is guests don't have to travel they
show up they get there and we take care
of it from there the entire thing is all
one space which I love obviously if you
have your heart set on another
destination you have to do two different
spaces you can make that work too but
for me this is so much easier and just
leaves a lot less chance for error so
I'm really really excited the other
thing too is they do the most amazing
craft cocktails ever so they have great
drinks great food it's a fantastic space
it's really really easy to get to Palm
Springs has fantastic weather and marked
that's another thing you really need to
consider when you're thinking about
where am I going to get married think
about the weather the time of year the
light what's interesting about Palm
Springs is actually a mountain range
that goes across the back and what
happens the Sun goes past it so we had
to plan the wedding exactly to where the
light would be the way we wanted it for
all of our pictures so Matt and I came
here to do our tasting and it was really
fun because we basically got to look at
the menu and choose all of our favorites
because we're doing small plates we're
doing main plate it's really fun because
people can choose different things they
can choose things based on their power
it's not gonna all come on one plate we
r you just like three things you get to
try so many different things and people
get to have whatever cough tell they
want I love it because it gives a lot of
freedom and it's going to keep things
fun we're gonna have a screen in the
background showing pictures of us when
we were kids that'll be really fun and
then I can't wait after we do all the
speeches and everything that's when we
go up to the Courtyard and what we're
gonna do is how the court are completely
reset for the reception so they'll move
all the chairs around we have special
lighting the DJ I'll be all set up and
then you'll start filing out and the
party will be absolutely started I'm
really pumped I'm really excited to
share with you guys the space that we're
getting married in it's really important
to know the space make sure you get all
the specs what the size of the room is
how many people can hold because it's
really important to plan all your
seating all that kind of good stuff so
this is our last scout at the location
until we come here to get married so
thank you so much for watching wedding
Wednesdays please send all your
questions to ask at Theodore leaf calm
and thumbs up for more wedding Wednesday
I love you doll
you